chore(tutorials): content review (#2838)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/create-models-django/index.mdx

tags: compute installing Django-application Models API
hero: assets/scaleway_django_models.webp
dates:
  validation: 2024-03-05
  posted: 2018-11-02
---

Django is a web development framework for developing dynamic websites and applications. Django allows the use of less code and eases the creation of complex websites. It provides a very good structure and easy methods that help to do the heavy lifting when writing web applications.

> To follow this tutorial, we assume that you completed the [first tutorial on Django installation and configuration](https://www.scaleway.com/docs/how-to-install-django-web-framework/).

Reviewer: I don't think the link is right here, the one I am suggesting looks like it could match the one you are trying to link.
```suggestion
To follow this tutorial, we assume that you completed the [first tutorial on Django installation and configuration](/tutorials/django-ubuntu-focal-fossa/).
```
